Meeting minutes 3
2-29-18 at 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm

All present


Meeting discussion:

Talked about outlook for the alpha release and what we need to prioritize in order to finish MVP.


Accomplished since last meeting:

All team members worked on prepping for the Prototype release.
Benjamin:
 added the text to the background which explains design direction. Also created and uploaded the video.

Justin:
	Added place holders for where the HP and MP bars will go. Added instructions for controls.

Andrew: added teleporting cave entrances



Before Next Meeting:

Justin:
	-create basic attack animation
	-add first monster
-Work on 1D procedural terrain generation

Andrew:
-help with 1d terrain generation
-Fix player sticking to side of platforms/walls

Benjamin:
	-Work on quest framework
	-Work on 1D procedural terrain generation
