Meeting minutes 8
4-11-18 at 5:00 pm - 6:10 pm

All present

Meeting discussion:

-what is needed for the beta release
-what animations we need to add
-did some live bug fixing and improvements (added jump attack)




Accomplished since last meeting:

All team:
	-N/A

Benjamin:
	-worked on scene creation and changing (finished but missing graphical elements)
	-worked on some quest implementations (not finished)

Justin:
	-worked on coin generation


Andrew:
Leveling system
Basic gui
Improved monster/player collision

Before Next Meeting:

Team:
	-N/A

Justin:
	-improve player attack
	-work on terrain generation

Andrew:
Spawn monster
Add force to player and monster
Add floating damage numbers





Benjamin:
-quest logic, new scene generation, and overworld
