Meeting minutes 5
3-14-18 at 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm

All present

Meeting discussion:
	-preparing for the alpha release


Accomplished since last meeting:

All team:
Agreed to deprioritize the project this week due to the deadline being pushed back, and all of us having similar midterm schedules


Benjamin:
	-studied C# and wrote some concept code but nothing that was worth committing
Justin:
	-added attack animation
	-fixed walking and idle animation

Andrew: worked on sticky platforms and adding grappling animations
	   Continue leveling system

Before Next Meeting:

Justin:
	-continue to work on attack animation
	-add monster to game

Andrew:
-add grappling animation to walls instead of fixing player sticking
-leveling system

Benjamin:
	-continue working on everything listed lastweek
	-add in various interfaces
	-Work on quest framework
	-Work on 1D procedural terrain generation
