Meeting minutes 6
3-28-18 at 4:50 pm - 6:00 pm

All present

Meeting discussion:

Switching to SourceTree for our VCS GUI.
Discussed what needs to be done next.
Talked about the alpha release, looking back on it, and what needs to be done before next week (in case grade makeups are allowed)


Accomplished since last meeting:

All team:
	-worked very hard on the alpha release

Benjamin:
	-added in scripts for random coin and platform generation
	-did cleanup, helped with debugging, merge conflicts, and vcs issues
	-wrote Dev Documentation on the wiki
	-added issues for MVP set

Justin:
	-added coins
	-added monster AI
	-added monster animations


Andrew:
	-added NPC interactions & animations
	-added pause menu
	-added health bar and player health
	-added player and enemy combat/health system

Before Next Meeting:

Justin:
	-Touch up character animations
	-improve monster IA
		-make it more applicable to all monsters
	-help with reskin of sprites


Andrew:
	-improve enemy player collision detection


Benjamin:
	-quest logic, and town scene
	-more general cleanup and possible reskins of sprites
