Meeting minutes 10								4/25/18
	            								5:00 pm - 6:00pm

Attendance:
All Present


Meeting discussion:
	-Everything that each member is going to complete for next time
-How we will save the levels


Accomplished since last meeting:

All team:
	-N/A

Benjamin:
-N/A
	

Justin:
	-Explored ways to implement new monster 
-Considered many sprites and animation types for monster
-went over random terrain generation script to define exactly how to implement barriers for the player and the camera
-created respective issues for what was described above

Andrew: fixed 3 reported issues on git
  
	

Before Next Meeting:

Team:
	-N/A

Justin:
	-Complete adding barrier for camera and player at each end of level
-Finish adding new monster

Andrew:
	-Work on saving already generated platform
-Work on main menu

Benjamin:
-Change the way player stats are tracked so they are all in one location
-work on saving player stats across game-loads
