Meeting minutes 9
4-11-18 at 5:00 pm - 6:00pm

All present

Meeting discussion:
-What bugs need to be prioritized?
-What needs to get done before the official release?


Accomplished since last meeting:

All team:
	-N/A

Benjamin:
	-worked on lab presentation
-worked on questing
-worked on town

Justin:
	-worked on player attack


Andrew:
	-Added level generation

Before Next Meeting:

Team:
	-N/A

Justin:
	-work on level generation

Andrew:
	Work on inventory


Benjamin:
-quest logic, new scene generation, and overworld